Feature/advance docs (#35)
infinum/eightshift-docs: docs/advanced/helpers-error-logger.md

---
id: helpers-error-logger-helpers
title: Error Logger
---

> Object trait is located in `Eightshift Libs`. To extend it, use `Eightshift_Libs\Helpers\Error_Logger` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object trait is located in `Eightshift Libs`. To extend it, use `Eightshift_Libs\Helpers\Error_Logger` class.
```

> If you are working with Ajax or REST API in your project, this logger will come in handy. We have created this simple trait helper that you can use in any PHP class as a [trait](/eightshift-docs/docs/guides/extending-classes). To see all the class helper go [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/develop/src/helpers/trait-error-logger.php) and help your selves.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are working with Ajax or REST API in your project, this logger will come in handy. We have created this simple trait helper that you can use in any PHP class as a [trait](/eightshift-docs/docs/guides/extending-classes). To see all of the class helper go [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/develop/src/helpers/trait-error-logger.php).
```

Author: 👍

> If you are working with Ajax or REST API in your project, this logger will come in handy. We have created this simple trait helper that you can use in any PHP class as a [trait](/eightshift-docs/docs/guides/extending-classes). To see all the class helper go [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/develop/src/helpers/trait-error-logger.php) and help your selves.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are working with Ajax or REST API in your project, this logger will come in handy. We have created this simple trait helper that you can use in any PHP class as a [trait](/eightshift-docs/docs/guides/extending-classes). To see all the class helpers go [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/develop/src/helpers/trait-error-logger.php) and help yourselves.
```

> If you are working with Ajax or REST API in your project, this logger will come in handy. We have created this simple trait helper that you can use in any PHP class as a [trait](/eightshift-docs/docs/guides/extending-classes). To see all the class helper go [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/develop/src/helpers/trait-error-logger.php) and help your selves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working with Ajax or REST API in your project, this logger will come in handy. We have created this simple helper that you can use in any PHP class as a [trait](/eightshift-docs/docs/guides/extending-classes). To see all the class helpers go [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/blob/develop/src/helpers/trait-error-logger.php) and help your self.
```

## rest_response_handler

> Ensure correct response for rest using the handler function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the correct response for REST response using the handler function.
```
